There are three main Gomoku variants that I aim to implement.

Freestyle Gomoku:
    This is the simplest type of Gomoku. It has no restrictions on the
    the opening moves nor the win condition. 

Standard Gomoku:
    Here, the current opening rule used in official tournaments is called
    Swap2. Under this ruleset,
        1. At the start of the game, Black first places two black pieces 
        and one white piece on the board.
        2. White can then choose one of the three options:
            a. They can choose to play as Black, which ends their turn.
            b. They can choose to play as White, and place a white stone
            on the table to end their turn.
            c. They can place a white stone and a black stone on the table,
            and defer the choice to Black.
        3. The process then repeats until a player chooses option a or b.
    Then the game continues as in Freestyle Gomoku.

Renju:
    [Whether or not this variant will be in the final project depends on
    time constraints.]

    This is the most complex variant. In this variant, there are certain
    restrictions on Black's possible moves. In particular,
        1. Black cannot create a 3x3 fork.
        2. Black cannot create a 4x4 fork.
        3. Black cannot create an overline.
    For more information about these, see here
        https://www.renju.net/rules/
    
    The current opening rule used in official renju tournaments is called
    Soosõrv-8. It goes as follows:
        1. Black places 2 black stones and 1 white stone on
        the table to start the opening.
        2. White can then decide if they want to switch sides or not.
        3. White places 1 white stone (4th move) on the board 
        and declares whether there will be either 1, 2, ..., 7 or 8 5th
        moves in the game.
        4. Black can decide if they want to switch sides or not.
        5. Black places as many black pieces (5th moves) on the board as
        declared before.
        6. White chooses one of the black pieces on the board to be placed
        and discards the others. They then place 1 white stone (6th move).
        7. After this, the opening phase is over and the game proceeds by
        normal renju rules (starting with Black).

    Another similar but more simple ruleset is called RIF. Its decription
    can be found here:
        https://www.renju.net/starting/